FORMS:

Elevate
  Target: Device
  Duration: P
  Fade Value: L + 2
Target resists with Willpower + Firewall.  You put a number of MARKs equal to
your net hits on target device.

Resonance Reverb
  Target: Self
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L - 1
You can spot devices running silently with a Sleaze up to Level within 100m of
you for a number of minutes equal to your hits.

Bitflip
  Target: Device
  Duration: S
  Fade Value: L + 1
Target resists with Willpower + Firewall. If you get any net hits you can swap
two Matrix Attributes of target device. These attributes cannot be swapped by
reconfiguring the device or the Configurator program for as long as you sustain
this complex form or the device reboots.

Lag Grenade
  Target: Device
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L + 2
Target resists with Intuition + Data Processing. For every net hit the target
loses 5 from their Initiative Score.

Slide to Unlock
  Target: Device (i.e. Maglock)
  Duration: P
  Fade Value: L -2
Simple as that: On a Net Hit hit, you can unlock (or lock) any Maglock, which
resist with its Rating*2. Spares you at least one Action - which might buy your
team just the time to get out of the room before the Nerve Gas sets in. :)

Switcharoo
  Target: Persona
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L +2
On a net hit, you switch places with any Persona in the Matrix you can see in
the Matrix or have a Mark on. The Target resists with Willpower+Firewall.
"Switching Places" includes the following effects:
You and your targets switch the Grids you are on, you switch your own and other
Matrix user´s "fields of view" (meaning f.i. that someone who spotted you might
lose you and sees the target instead and vice-versa. However, you might stay
spotted if you´ve already been marked) and, last but not least, you switch
positions between inside or outside of any host(s). Note that this might be
(ab)used as a clever way to infiltrate a host - which is intentional  8)

Filterbubble
  Target: Person
  Duration: P
  Fade Value: L -1
Make a Software+Resonance VS Data Processing+Intuition-Test. If you gain any
net hits, you enclose your target inside a "filterbubble", preventing the target
from perceiving certain things inside the Matrix or finding them with a Matrix
search. The filtered content may consist of one of the following things:
  - A specific Host or Icon: In this case, the target can only be perceived by
performing a deliberate Matrix Perception test with a threshold of [Level]
against it, similar to running silent. If the filtered icon is already running
silent, add the Net Hits to the target´s defense pool against Matrix perception.
  - Spam: In this case, reduce the Noise (and other potentially negative
modifiers) from Spam Zones by the acquired Net Hits.
  - Information: Closest to the contemporary meaning of the word "filterbubble",
this affects all information regarding a specific topic that would normally come
up when conducting a Matrix search. In this case, the Net Hits to the Threshold
for the Matrix search test.
Note: that the target is normally unaware of the filterbubble, unless there´s a
good reason to mistrust the perceived information.

Prestidigitization
  Target: Device
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L - 2
Target device resists with Willpower + Firewall. If you win the Opposed Test the
device and any slaved devices do not benefit from any wireless on effects.

Data Buffer
  Target: Device
  Duration: S
  Fade Value: L - 3
Target device gains additional dice equal to your hits to resist Matrix Damage
and, if applicable, Biofeedback Damage.

"AMP" (Augment Matrix Performance)
  Target: Device
  Duration: S
  Fade Value: L + 1
Improving the preexisting software on a device, this complex form adds a number
of dice equal to your hits when using it. A device can only benefit from this if
it is also benefiting from a wireless on effect of it. This only adds to rolls
in which the wireless on effect is being used. If it is sustained for a number
of hours equal to the Device's Rating, it suffers damage net hit Matrix Damage.

Data Surge
  Target: Self
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L + 2
All (wireless on, natch) devices within [Level] meters of you must win an
Opposed Test with Willpower + Firewall or reboot. Only devices with a Device
Rating less than or equal to the Level are affected. Devices that are slaved can
use the Master's defense pool, however the device's rating still determines if
it is affected. This has no effect in a host.

AVOID (Alternate Verification Of IDentity)
  Target: Device
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L + 3
In the wave of a hand, you pull together Resonance like quantum-code to forge a
temporary Fake SIN. Your hits determine the rating of the Fake SIN. This Complex
Form only works in one instance of a SIN check. Each use of this generates a
"new" SIN, although you are capable of making it applicable in regards to your
metatype, sex, height, etc. If the SIN check fails, the device alerts the owner
of foul play (such as "this is fake", "I've been hacked", etc). If the device
beats the threshold with a number of hits equal to your hits, the device alerts
its owner that Resonance is being used.

Cacheless
  Target: Device
  Duration: I
  Fade Value: L - 2
This Complex Form dumps all excess running programs and forces a device to
function solely on its operating system. Make a Threading test vs. Willpower +
Firewall. If you win target device unloads all running programs and cannot load
any for net hit Combat Turns. When used against an AI they make an additional
test with Willpower + Firewall + Depth against the same Threading test (you do
not re-roll). If they lose they are disrupted, otherwise they continue running.
If they are disrupted they lose Essence points equal to your net hits.

Whitespace
  Target: Self
  Duration: S
  Fade Value: L
By altering your Living Persona, you can evade detection from wireless on
Sensors. Make a Threading test and note your hits. Sensors within [Level] x 2
meters of you must make a Device Rating x 2 Opposed test against your hits. If
you win you are invisible, soundless, heatless, etc to Sensors. Any recordings
ill not have you present, however your Resonance Signature will be. This also
will affect cybereyes, cyberears, ultrasound, etc for as long as they are
wireless on or you either stop sustaining this or move out of range.


SPRITES:

Tank Sprites
  A L+1
  S L-2
  D L+2
  F L+4
  Skills: Computer, Cybercombat
  Powers: Taunt
Taunt: Resonance + Cybercombat [Attack] vs. Host Rating x 2
When a Sprite uses this power, it effects a number IC equal to its Level. Make
one roll and compare it to the IC effected. Each IC you get any net hits on is
compelled to target this Sprite with any Matrix action it would take for a
number of actions equal to the net hits. If the IC is reloaded the Power no
longer effects it (as it is effectively "new"). This Power does not work outside
of a Host.

ECHOES:

Mutable Persona
  You gain a number of attribute points equal to your submersion grade to add to
  your ASDF array. These points can be reconfigured like a cyberdeck.

Resonance Feedback Cycle
  Prerequisite: Submersion Grade 3
  You get +(Submersion Grade/3(rounded down))d6 (max of 4) Initiative Dice.

Resonance Pathway Enhancement [Mental Attribute]
  Prerequisite: Submersion Grade 3
  You get +(Subermsion Grade/3(rounded down)) to [Mental Attribute]

SmartLink
  Prerequisite: SkinLink
  While holding a SmartLink enabled firearm, a Technomancer with the SkinLink
  echo can access the SmartLink as if they had a SmartLink cyberware installed.

Resonance Program
  For every Submersion Grade a Technomancer has he or she may learn a single
  Cyberprogram.

WIDGETS:

Widgets work for Resonance powers the same way that Reagents work for Magic.
